added simple widget for inline components (#1683)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/display-widgets.md

### Columns

> Columns widgets render the child widgets in two columns. Columns must not be used in **header**.

Reviewer: Why. Isn't the whole idea of this task to be able to use columns in the header?

Columns widgets render the child widgets in multiple columns.

#### Widget-specific parameters

> - **inline** - an optional property to change rendering mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **inline** - an optional property to change the rendering mode.
```

Columns widgets render the child widgets in multiple columns.

#### Widget-specific parameters

- **inline** - an optional flag to change the layout mode.

>   - **true** - list is displayed inline, wrapping if needed. Defaults for lists, panels and headers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **true** - list is displayed inline, wrapped if needed. It is a default option for lists, panels, and headers.
```

#### Widget-specific parameters

- **inline** - an optional flag to change the layout mode.

  - **true** - list is displayed inline, wrapping if needed.
  - **false** - list is displayed as a grid.

>   Defaults to _false_.

Reviewer 3: That's not actually true. It defaults to true for lists, right?
